README.md, before:

# React Template

## Introduction

This is a project template based on **React**, utilizing **React**, **React Router**, and **MobX** as the core tech stack, and **Vite** as the build tool. The project also integrates **ESLint** and **Prettier** for code formatting and quality checks, **Commitlint** for code submission information specification, with **TypeScript** support. The package manager used is **pnpm**.

## Features

- **React**: For building user interfaces.
- **React Router**: For managing application routes.
- **MobX**: As the state management library.
- **Vite**: For fast development environment and build tool.
- **ESLint** and **Prettier**: For code linting and formatting.
- **Commitlint**: For code submission information specification.
- **TypeScript**: For type checking and enhanced development experience.
- **pnpm**: For efficient dependency management.

## Usage

### Install Dependencies

```bash
pnpm install
```

### Development

```bash
pnpm start
```

### Preview Build

```bash
pnpm preview
```

### Production Build

```bash
pnpm build
```

### Code Linting and Formatting

```bash
pnpm lint
```

We hope this template helps you quickly set up your React project!

Commit message:

refactor(renderer): merge and refactor constants and utils
- Merge renderer constants into a single file for easier maintenance.
- Refactor utils to improve code reusability and readability.
- Replace `protobufjs` with a newer version to resolve dependency issues.
- Update README with recommended VSCode extensions for better development experience.
- Ensure all renderers use the updated constants and utils.

BREAKING CHANGE: Constants and utility functions have been refactored and moved,
which may affect consumers of these modules. Update your dependencies accordingly.

README.md, after:

# React Template

## Important Notice

**Strongly recommended to use [Visual Studio Code (VSCode)](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) and install the recommended extensions for the best development experience.**  
_If you do not use VSCode and the recommended extensions, you will not be able to automatically fix errors on save and use Prettier for automatic formatting._

## Introduction

This is a project template based on **React**, utilizing **React**, **React Router**, and **MobX** as the core tech stack, and **Vite** as the build tool. The project also integrates **ESLint** and **Prettier** for code formatting and quality checks, **Commitlint** for code submission information specification, with **TypeScript** support. The package manager used is **pnpm**.

## Features

- **React**: For building user interfaces.
- **React Router**: For managing application routes.
- **MobX**: As the state management library.
- **Vite**: For fast development environment and build tool.
- **ESLint** and **Prettier**: For code linting and formatting.
- **Commitlint**: For code submission information specification.
- **TypeScript**: For type checking and enhanced development experience.
- **pnpm**: For efficient dependency management.

## Usage

### Install Dependencies

```bash
pnpm install
```

### Development

```bash
pnpm start
```

### Preview Build

```bash
pnpm preview
```

### Production Build

```bash
pnpm build
```

### Code Linting and Formatting

```bash
pnpm lint
```

We hope this template helps you quickly set up your React project!
